Gary Shteyngart : The American-Russian author of brilliant comic novels such as The Russian Debutante's Handbook is just as much fun on Twitter , Teju  Cole is a master of Twitter – he mixes brilliant bon mots, vignettes of poetry, art, pop culture references, photography and quotes to make his timeline an always entertaining read , Joyce Carol Oates is superb at a timely one-liner on whichever news story is currently doing the rounds. She's also good at selecting quotes and distilling political opinion, Coelho is a Twitter behemoth. his tweets range from football, to quotes from philosophers, to retweets of news from the literary world. Joe Dunthorne   critically acclaimed Submarine author excels at tweeting. Not only is he a wonderful purveyor of the one-liner, he also retweets stuff as good as his own hilariously on-point observations.
In collect.py these 5 People are Stored in Users.Txt and their Twitter Handles are Given as parameter to Identify their Information in Twitter, these People Totally has 2739 Friends on their List (They have lot of Similar people in their Friends List). So based on the Friends of these Users a Network Graph is Built with 2739 Nodes and 2860 Edges. These Edges Information Are Stored in a Graph.txt to Give as an Input For the Next Phase cluster.py. In cluster.py we are using Girwan Newman Algorithm to Find Different Clusters in the Graph, A subgraph of the Big Graph is Calculated it comes around 123 Nodes and 244 Edges. This Subgraph is Given as Input for Girwan Newman as a Result 3 Different Clusters Are Formed, Cluster 1 has 105 Nodes, Cluster 2 has 8 Nodes and Cluster 3 has 10 Nodes. Based on the Users in these Clusters their Tweets and Screenname are stored in separate Pickle Objects. These Pickle Objects Are Given as Input for Next Phase classify.py.
Total Tweets of the users are taken with the Help of Afinn Scores the Sentiment of the Tweets are Found and major Part of the Tweet data are Used as Training Data , I have used  Logistic Regression Model , We are trying to fit the Training Data into the Newly built Model , Once the Model is Trained , Some data of  the Tweets are used as Testing Data to Test the Model , then the Summarize.py are coded in such a way to Create a summary.txt file with Necessary info from the above Steps. After Analyzing the Different Clusters Formed by similar users  , they are Tweeting Positively around 83.9%, These were the results inferred from my Sentiment Analysis of Top 5 Famous Writers in Twitter.
